{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh12560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Prologue\

\b0 The year is 2016.\
The world is in shambles. . . people are dying and the planet is quickly approaching its final demise.\
The only hope lies in eliminating the one true cause of this chaos: Veganism.\
But the mission is not an easy one! Use a combination of your sharp wit and your and astute skill to collect all the remaining tacos in the land. Use these to gain power over the Evil Vegan Queen and save the world from the evils of veganism.\
\

\b \
\
Warm Up\

\b0 Mmm is that a delicious chorizo taco you smell?\
Drag yourself over there and devour that thing!\
Collect delicious meaty nutrients to build up power to overcome the forces of the evil Vegan Queen.\
\

\b Got it!\
\
\
Oh no!\

\b0 Looks like the evil vegan queen has placed a Tofu Road Block! Muster help from any available resources.\
\

\b Okeee\
\
Flying Taco\

\b0 Let\'92s see if you got the hang of it now\'85\

\b Go!\
\
\
Fish Taco\

\b0 Something smells fishy\'85and by fishy I mean the delicious Fish Taco, the Taco Fish!\
Try to catch him to piss off the stupid vegan queen. \
Hint: Ask for help from Jedediah, the magical manatee who thinks he\'92s a narwhal.\

\b Ok.\
\
Talk-o\

\b0 Looks like the terrible vegan queen with her stupid veganism has contaminated the grammar of Mr. Talk-O! Help him by pointing out his grammar mistakes.
\b \
\
Bonus Superpower!\

\b0 Wow! Looks like you collected five tacos! \
Click the mystery box to uncover your super crazy cool surprise bonus superpower!\
\

\b Nicolas Cage!\

\b0 You\'92ve unlocked the power of Nicolas Cage! \
Use this to help triumph over the evil vegan queen.\

\b OK.\
\
Oh no!\

\b0 It\'92s the evil vegan queen herself! Click the Tacoshooter5000 to launch tacos in her face until she succumbs to tasting a taco and forever giving up her veganism\'97and in turn saving mankind!\
\

\b Go!\
\
You Won!\

\b0 Congratulations, you\'92ve saved the world from the evil vegan forces of the evil vegan queen. Now everyone will live happily ever after with tacos, all thanks to you!
\b \
}